feat(dew): add a data source to get csms secrets by tags. (#6859)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/csms_secrets_by_tags.md

---
subcategory: "Data Encryption Workshop (DEW)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_csms_secrets_by_tags"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get a list of the secrets by tags.
---

# huaweicloud_csms_secret_versions

Use this data source to get a list of the secrets by tags.

## Example Usage

```hcl

> data "huaweicloud_csms_secrets_by_tags" "test" {

Author: test

>   resource_instances = "resource_instances"

Reviewer: use varible

Author: ok

  action             = "filter"
}
```

> 

Author: test

Author: ok

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `resource_instances` - (Required, String) Specifies the resource instances, here is the constant value resource_instances.

* `action` - (Required, String) Specifies the operation flag. The valid values are as follows:

>   + **filter**: Indicates filtering

Reviewer: Missing period at the end.

Author: ok

  + **count**: Indicates the total number of queries.

> * `tags` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of tags, the length of tags is no more than 10.

Reviewer: use `10`.

Author: ok

  The [tags](#tags_struct) structure is documented below.

* `matches` - (Optional, List) Specifies the search field pairs.
  The [matches](#matches_struct) structure is documented below.

* `sequence` - (Optional, String) Specifies the request message sequence number, the length of sequence string is 36.

<a name="tags_struct"></a>
The `tags` block supports:

> * `key` - (Required, String) Specifies the tag key.

Reviewer: Is it really required ?Also confirm the `values` parameter.

Author: yes

> * `values` - (Required, List) Specifies the collection of tag values. the length of tags value is no more than 10.

Reviewer: "the length.."，the first letter needs to be capitalized.

Author: ok

---
subcategory: "Data Encryption Workshop (DEW)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_csms_secrets_by_tags"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get a list of the secrets by tags.
---

# huaweicloud_csms_secret_versions

Use this data source to get a list of the secrets by tags.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "resource_instances" {}
variable "action" {}

data "huaweicloud_csms_secrets_by_tags" "test" {
  resource_instances = var.resource_instances
  action             = var.action
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `resource_instances` - (Required, String) Specifies the resource instances, here is the constant value resource_instances.

Reviewer 2: please consistent the description with API document.

Author: ok

* `action` - (Required, String) Specifies the operation type. The valid values are as follows:
  + **filter**: Indicates filtering secrets.

>   + **count**: Indicates Counting total records of secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  + **count**: Indicates the total number of the secrets.
```

Author: ok

> * `tags` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of tags, the length of tags is no more than `10`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional, List) Specifies the list of tags, the maximum of tags is `10`.

```

Author: ok

  The [tags](#tags_struct) structure is documented below.

> * `matches` - (Optional, List) Specifies the search field pairs.

Reviewer 2: please consistent the description with API document.

Author: ok

  The [matches](#matches_struct) structure is documented below.

> * `sequence` - (Optional, String) Specifies the request message sequence number, the length of sequence string is `36`.

Reviewer 2: please consistent the description with API document.

Author: ok

<a name="tags_struct"></a>
The `tags` block supports:

> * `key` - (Required, String) Specifies the tag key.

Reviewer 2: This field is `Optional` in the API document.  Why is `Required`  here？

Author: ok

> * `values` - (Required, List) Specifies the collection of tag values, the length of tags value is no more than `10`.

Reviewer 2: ditto

Reviewer 2: check other fields

Author: ok

  If the tag list is an empty list, it means matching any value.
  There is an "or" relationship between multiple values ​​in the tag list.

* `matches` - (Optional, List) Specifies the search field pairs.

>   The [matches](#matches_struct) structure is documented below.

Reviewer 2: Why have two `matches` ?

Author: ok

<a name="matches_struct"></a>
The `matches` block supports:

> * `key` - (Required, String) Specifies the field to be matched, the value can only be resource_name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `key` - (Required, String) Specifies the field to be matched.
  Currently, only **resource_name** is supported.
```

Author: ok

* `value` - (Required, String) Specifies the fuzzy matching value, the maximum length is `255` characters.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `resources` - The list of the resources.

  The [resources](#resources_struct) structure is documented below.

* `total_count` - The total number of records.

<a name="resources_struct"></a>
The `resources` block supports:

* `resource_id` - The resource ID.

> * `resource_name` - The resource name, default is an empty string.

Reviewer 2: The `resource_name` can left it blank?

Author: ok

* `resource_detail` - The resource detail.

  The [resource_detail](#resource_detail_struct) structure is documented below.

> * `tags` - The tag list, the list is empty by default.

Reviewer 2: The description is incorrect.

Reviewer 2: check other place.

Author: ok

  The [tags](#tags_item_struct) structure is documented below.

* `sys_tags` - The system tag list, the list is empty by default.

  The [sys_tags](#sys_tags_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="resource_detail_struct"></a>
The `resource_detail` block supports:

* `id` - The ID of the secret.

* `name` - The key name.

* `state` - The key state. The valid values are as follows:
  + **ENABLED**: Indicates enabled status.
  + **DISABLED**: Indicates disabled status.
  + **PENDING_DELETE**: Indicates pending deletion status.
  + **FROZEN**: Indicates frozen state.

> * `kms_key_id` - The ID value of the KMS master key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `kms_key_id` - The ID of the KMS master key.
```

Author: ok

* `create_time` - The creation time of the secret, the value is a timestamp.

* `update_time` - The update time of the secret, the value is a timestamp.

* `scheduled_delete_time` - The time of the secret to be scheduled deleted, the value is a timestamp.

> * `secret_type` - The Secret type. The valid values are as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `secret_type` - The secret type. The valid values are as follows:
```

Author: ok

  + **COMMON**: shared secret (default), which is used to store sensitive information in an application system.
  + **RDS**: RDS secret, which is used to store RDS account information. (no longer supported, replaced by RDS-FG).
  + **RDS-FG**: RDS secret, which is used to store RDS account information.
  + **GaussDB-FG**: TaurusDB secret, which is used to store TaurusDB account information.

* `auto_rotation` - Automatic rotation. The valid values are as follows:
  + **true**: Enabled.
  + **false**: Disabled.

* `rotation_period` - The secret rotation period. Valid when `auto_rotation` is **true**.

* `rotation_config` - The secret rotation config. Valid when `auto_rotation` is **true**.

* `rotation_time` - The rotation time of the secret, the value is a timestamp.

* `next_rotation_time` - The next rotation time of the secret, the value is a timestamp.

* `event_subscriptions` - The list of events subscribed to by secret.

* `enterprise_project_id` - The enterprise project ID.

<a name="tags_item_struct"></a>
The `tags` block supports:

> * `key` - The tag name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `key` - The tag key.

```

Author: ok
